now all these others in hd you are black
and he wonders why this is a
bit early because I took a
full fucking minute to kill this
person in one against 115 deaths in
simple and with the new update
now very well guys I really made a
big shit when I say I do leave
grab the control and I dropped it and the
right trigger landed on top of a
metal tip and good fucked be by
that in times that you are going to see in
what does not shoot the enemy is of a
shot is weak and did not shoot him like that is
simple good really nothing else I want
give my opinion about the update and
give advice to all of you gentlemen
Misses and aliens who are watching
this video now very well guys
really the update is excellent
all the automatic rifle in town
balanced in a way that they are
powerful person and easy to use
for example in this situation in this
one against one something many examples of
how to use this suppressor were
there are really times that I miss the
enemy
in the correct way instead of using the br
or some other weapon now very well kid
the update greatly influences the
precision weapons like the repelus
carving test of mary and carbine
but obviously not really many
people are used to using
these weapons for example I do not use much
from the carbine and look at that branch I kill myself
a bastard after I killed him
that's legal I want a crap egg not
well speaking seriously when really
things are a bit strange for
we really do not have like that
a little more scary for example there's
many people who are going to use us
the light rifle usually have him
afraid to use that weapon or get used to it and
times they even insult him or
recommend not using the good from my
point of view the luso rifle in a weapon
excellent and more when you have the zoom a
weapon very difficult to use as if it were
a suppressor since a weapon promises and
really most of the weapons
they promise they are not so simple to use
now very well the head of light is like the
When you're not aiming at the sun
when with the zoom is like a fear
when people are used
types of repelús is very simple to use it
same with the carbine really I do not
I'm used to the chaperone that
although sometimes I use it in some
departures now very well guys what's up
with the carbine the carbine has to be
have much more precision
precision than that of mere the br for
to be able to kill a person quickly and not
I'll hurt you a lot now that it happens with the
from mary the rifle goes also that of m & r no
it must be in all situations I
I explain when the person is using a
of m & r should not kill someone
simply by far from short or from
medium range or range like you
want to say rather be a little more
simple that nothing months specifically
made for far comedians in
change when you are facing a
dog or with a carbine or rifle
of battle sorry I repeated it with a rifle
of assault before the update the
dmr was the most powerful weapon in
all situations now with this
really update all weapons
they have a chance to be over powerful
or powerful in different situations
for example , m & r is already what it says
effective from far but not close
why
you have assault rifle the br carbine
the suppressor efe storm until the
pistol the hand is a super weapon
powerful in short and medium reach
but already when it moves away a little bit like
that long reach over the tricks
they want them to say really do not have
a specific name for that is already
the power is just the same with the
Equal assault with the same shotgun
with battle rifle et cetera etcetera
then when we are with the rifle
light or with the suppressor really are
very complicated weapons use the suppressor
is much more complicated than using
reflector mind of saying jump the rifle
of light is much more complicated than using
that the rifles battles the dmr and
really everything has as it is said a
chemistry if you know how to use that chemistry if
you synchronize with that chemistry with
this weapon system
it's probably going to be much better than
before and will dominate other players
with these weapons now very good guys
really me in this example was I
I just had to use shelter
battle you have to get used to
these things you have to get used to that
system that good the suppressor is not
good in situations far away really
It is very
very powerful close up practically in
your face but not of medium length that one
you have to be accustomed to
boiled range
now my opinion this update
it really gave me a chance to all
weapons when I say all is all rifle
assault rifles
efe storm all mother in series from
my point of view of really is a
precision that is full to the address
correct
343 did an excellent job in adding
a great update for you to gilo 4
go as it is said building a new
base a new system for the new hey
what it would be and the five consoles
now very clearly really many
people are used to using
weapons like carbines really I do not
I'm used to carbines but
I'm trying to use it
little by little that 's my recommendation to
you me being you start using
different weapons really improves ideal
of m & r or if you really like the br
as I now use other weapons let's
to start using the rifle or start
use the obama carbine to start using the
rifle assault suppressor rifle storm
really now yes the four now a
little choice when said power since
the dmr now is not the main weapon that
everyone will use
lately he was playing in the
four is already liking carbine rifle and
loose rifle assault and pr and from time to time
when to fear
although I'm still sorry I 'm still thinking
that weapon remains the fag not
I know but really that weapon should not be
in game I do not know I think I think it's a
buggy bug bring that that gun and what
rich and manipulate not manipulate but as
refer to 343 to use those
arms the next trilogy in my
opinion the dmr should not be in the
game since we already have several weapons of
Far away from all kinds of fun
like that other people's chance
complain or ruin a game and good
guys really that's all that
I want to say for today I hope the video
if you liked it, please, I like it and if
you want to share with all these friends
to see that really weapons
they are really good the update is
a good chance to start using other
weapons and start learning to use them and
well from my point of view I think that
the production was an excellent job
done for 343 and week that I'm going to
leave up here good guys without being
This one liked to like I repeat
Share it with your friends if you want
they know more in this and without anything
to say I leave you with terms
second against 115 to one was this 20
but I really got bored me control
I was going up a lot if you were to be
a little and gameplay you will notice
can you guys without anything else to say
See you I'm such a berghes black